Göteborg RF
-Göteborg RF is a Swedish rugby union team in Gothenburg, Sweden. They currently play in Allsvenskan South.
-The club was founded in 2007 by the amalgamation of Göteborg RK and Frölunda RK.
-We are a traditional Swedish non-profit club based on voluntary work. The players come from all over the world so we speak both English and Swedish at the training sessions and in the 
Club House. We always welcome new players of all ages regardless of whether you have played before or if you are a skilled and capped player from another part of the World!
-We got one of Sweden's most complete rugby clubs with youngsters from 5 years and up to elite teams on both the ladies and gentlemen's side.
The club already has several SM golds. As an example, the women's team won silver in 2007 and two straight golds in 2008 and 2009. Gold also became 2012, 2013 and 2014. The ladies have 
not lost a 15-man match for several years. Young people also compete successfully in tournaments around the country. Many companies sponsor the club for making an important social effort 
in addition to our success on the pitch. Our members consist of a wonderful mix of people from all over the world!
Ground -> Välen Idrottsplats

President -> Neil Johnson

Website -> https://www.laget.se/goteborgrugby/

Contact
0707410092
info@goteborgrugby.se

Address
Reningsverksgatan 3, house 1
42147 WEST SEALS



Spartacus Rugby Union
-Spartacus Rugby Union Football Club, is a Rugby Union team in Gothenburg, Sweden, playing in the top Swedish League.
-It was founded in 1968. At the driving seat were Göran Olsson, John Phelan and Willard Sartre. Back in those days, Spartacus only had a senior men’s team. The situation is the same today, 
but of recent years we have had successful ladies and youth teams also.
-Today they have one senior team which is going through a generation change. The team mostly consists of players who have come up through the Spartacus “youth academy” but there is 
currently a strong foreign contingency within the club, with players from such major rugby nations as England, Ireland, France, New Zealand and Fiji. In early 2006, Spartacus acquired a 
new coach in the form of Jonas Ahl (who is also coach of the Swedish national ladies team) and with Ahl’s expert coaching and guidance, we gained promotion to Allsvenskan, the top league 
in Sweden.
Ground -> Partille

President -> Emanuel Gustavsson

Website -> http://www.spartacusrugby.com/

CONTACT 
+46 (0)725 16 50 19

ADDRESS
Gamla Lexbyvägen 12 433 31 Partille, , Sverige
